Lesson24 It could be worse
I entered the hotel manager's office and sat down .
I had just lost ¡ê50 and I felt very upset.
'I left the money in my room,' I said, 'and it's not there now.'
The manager was sympathetic, but he could do nothing.
'Everyone's losing money these days, ' he said.
He started to complain about this wicked world but was interrupted by a knock at the door.
A girl came in and put an envelope on his desk.
It contained ¡ê50.
'I found this outside this gentleman's room, ' she said.
'Well,' I said to the manager, 'there is still some honesty in this world!'

Lesson 1 A private conversation
Why did the writer complain to the people behind him?
Last week I went to the theatre. 
I had a very good seat. 
The play was very interesting. 
I did not enjoy it. 
A young man and a young woman were sitting behind me.
They were talking loudly. 
I got very angry.
I could not hear the actors.
I turned round.
I looked at the man and the woman angrily.
They did not pay any attention.
In the end, I could not bear it.
I turned round again.
'I can't hear a word!' I said angrily.
'It's none of your business,' the young man said rudely. 'This is a private conversation!'

Lesson 2 Breakfast or lunch?
Why was the writer's aunt surprised?
It was Sunday.
I never get up early on Sundays.
I sometimes stay in bed until lunchtime.
Last Sunday I got up very late.
I looked out of the window.
It was dark outside.
'What a day!' I thought. 'It's raining again.'
Just then, the telephone rang.
It was my aunt Lucy.
'I've just arrived by train,' she said. 'I'm coming to see you.'
'But I'm still having breakfast,' I said.
'What are you doing?' she asked.
'I'm having breakfast,' I repeated.
'Dear me,' she said. 'Do you always get up so late? it's one o'clock!'

Lesson 3 Please send me a card 
How many cards did the writer send?
Postcards always spoil my holidays.
Last summer, I went to Italy.
I visited museums and sat in public gardens.
A friendly waiter taught me a few words of Italian.
Then he lent me a book.
I read a few lines, but I did not understand a word.
Every day I thought about postcards.
My holidays passed quickly, but I did not send cards to my friends.
On the last day I made a big decision.
I got up early and bought thirty-seven cards.
I spent the whole day in my room, but I did not write a single card!

Lesson 4 An exciting trip
Why is Tim finding this trip exciting? 
I have just received a letter from my brother, Tim.
He is in Australia.
He has been there for six months.
Tim is an engineer.
He is working for a big firm and he has already visited a great number of different places in Australia.
He has just bought an Australian car and has gone to Alice Springs, a small town in the centre of Australia.
He will soon visit Darwin from there, he will fly to Perth.
My brother has never been abroad before, so he is finding this trip very exciting.

Lesson 5 No wrong numbers
What does 'No wrong numbers' mean?
Mr. James Scott has a garage in Silbury and now he has just bought another garage in Pinhurst.
Pinhurst is only five miles from Silbury, but Mr. Scott cannot get a telephone for his new garage, so he has just bought twelve pigeons.
Yesterday, a pigeon carried the first message from Pinburst to Silbury.
The bird covered the distance in three minutes.
Up to now, Mr. Scott has sent a great many requests for spare parts and other urgent messages from one garage to the other.
In this way, he has begun his own private 'telephone' service.


Lesson 10 Not for jazz
What happened to the clavichord
We have an old musical instrument.
It is called a clavichord.
It was made in Germany in 1681.
Our clavichord is kept in the living room.
It has belonged to our family for a long time.
The instrument was bought by my grandfather many years ago.
Recently it was damaged by a visitor.
She tried to play jazz on it!
She struck the keys too hard and two of the strings were broken.
My father was shocked.
Now we are not allowed to touch it.
It is being repaired by a friend of my father's.

Lesson 46 Expensive and uncomfortable
What did the man in this story do?
When a plane from London arrived at Sydney airport, workers began to unload a number of wooden boxes which contained clothing. 
No one could account for the fact that one of the boxes was extremely heavy.
It suddenly occurred to one of the workers to open up thebox.
He was astonished at what he found.
A man was lying in the box on top of a pile of woollen goods.
He was so surprised at being discovered that he did not even try to run away.
After he was arrested, the man admitted hiding in the box before the plane left London.
He had had a long and uncomfortable trip, for he had been confined to the wooden box for over eighteen hours.
The man was ordered to pay &3500 for the cost of the trip.
The normal price of a ticket is &2000!

















